Chris/improve release docs (#1670)
tweag/rules_haskell: MAINTAINERS.md

- [ ] Add update notice to the [`CHANGELOG`][changelog].

## Cutting a New Release

- [ ] Read through this process in its entirety so you understand it.
- [ ] [Copy this list][checklist] of steps into an empty `rules_haskell`
      issue.
- [ ] Create and checkout a new release preparation branch, named
      `release-<major>.<minor>`.
- [ ] Update the minimal Bazel version in [the `start` script][start],
      [`haskell/private/versions.bzl`][versions], and [the
      `README`][readme]; add it to the [`CHANGELOG`][changelog] if it
      changed.
- [ ] Remove any feature that is still too experimental to go into a
      release, by cherry-picking reverts (or by manually deleting the
      feature).
  - [ ] Check the list [below](#remove-these-prs-from-minor-releases)
        for PRs that have been explicitly marked for removal, if any.
- [ ] Amend the [`CHANGELOG`][changelog] by summarising all significant
      pull requests since the last release (see
      [below](#generating-the-pr-list-for-the-changelog)). Specifically:
  - [ ] Add a "Highlights" section for major improvements/changes.
  - [ ] Create "Added", "Removed", "Changed" and "Fixed" sections, as
        necessary.

>   - [ ] If relevant, add corresponding PRs to the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] If relevant, add links to the corresponding PRs to the entries.
```
Perhaps a bit clearer?

```bash
gh pr list -L 500 -B master -s merged \
           --json number,mergedAt,title,body \
| jq -r --argjson release "$(gh release view --json createdAt)" '
     reverse | .[] | select(.mergedAt > $release.createdAt) |
     ["# PR#\(.number): \(.title)", "*Merged: \(.mergedAt)*", "\(.body)\n"] |
     join("\n\n")' \
> PRs.md
```

**Note** The `-L 500` is an arbitrary "large number" limit of PRs to
fetch, overriding the low default. As of writing, there's no way to set
this to "unlimited"; adjust as necessary.

### Generating the Archive Checksum

The Git archive checksum can be calculated with:

```bash
git archive --format=tar.gz --prefix=rules-haskell-${REV}/ ${REV} | sha256sum
```

**Note** The trailing slash on the prefix is important; don't forget it.

**Note** GitHub normalises release tags in the archive prefix to exclude
the initial "v"; adjust as necessary.

### Remove these PRs from Minor Releases

- None

<!-- Links -->
[start]: ./start
[versions]: ./haskell/private/versions.bzl
[readme]: ./README.md
[changelog]: ./CHANGELOG.md
[usecases]: ./docs/haskell-use-cases.rst
[releases]: https://github.com/tweag/rules_haskell/releases

> [checklist]: https://github.com/tweag/rules_haskell/blob/52f867daa2c3e67e1afff9a0460666ef9083e714/MAINTAINERS.md?plain=1#L29-L86

Reviewer: Isn't this likely to go out of sync on future changes to this doc? Maybe it's good without the link to itself.

Author: It is, but I figured that this list would be relatively static beyond overhauls like this one. Still, I take your point that such changes can and will happen in the future and updating the link will likely be forgotten about.
